Data collected
------------------
By accepting this contract, the user gives access to HeartKinetics, and to the referring clinical teams, to the data mentioned below.
They are divided into the following categories:
the information and personal data that the user gives us;
the data and information that we collect using the sensors of the smartphone controlled by the application;
technical data concerning the use and performance of the application.

We have put in place the appropriate measures to ensure that your personal data is processed in compliance with the security obligations imposed by PGRD legislation.


Data processing
----------------------
The personal data collected is used to identify the user and link him to the physical data on his heart and lung function that he helps to collect.
Subject identification is done by creating an account, which requires the user's name and email address.
The phone's accelerometers and gyroscopes are used to measure the vibrations in the user's rib cage that are generated by their vital physiological processes: their heart contractions and the movement of blood after it is ejected as well as their respiratory function.
The following data is calculated:
Amplitude of respiratory movements and their frequency
Heart rate and heart rate variability
Strength, kinetic energy and power of cardiac contraction
Distribution of energy density during the cardiac cycle
Instants relating to the different phases of the cardiac cycle
The following additional data is collected and used in order to improve the quality of the processing of patient data as well as to personalize it:
The make, model and version number of the mobile phone; they allow us to retrieve information about it such as its physical characteristics (dimensions and weight) which allow us to calibrate our data.
Time and date data allows the patient to keep track of their recordings. The other personal information is used to analyze the calculated values.
Geolocation data provides a global context of the measurement. So we could for example study the geographical distribution of cardiac pathologies.
The additional data collected allows us to offer our users a high-performance platform and a personalized experience. They also allow us to develop new services.


Data storage
--------------------
The data is stored both on the user's laptop and on our online servers, physically located in Europe.
They are deleted when the user requests it. To do this, all he has to do is go to his profile and request the deletion of his data.


Communication to third parties
---------------------------------------

Your personal and medical data are communicated and shared with your hospital and the doctors that you have entered in your profile. This is so that your medical team can access it. They will have access to the following information:
Last name, First name, Gender, Height, Weight, Date of birth, Name of your general practitioner and your Cardiologist, information relating to your pathology as well as your treatment, Answers to the standardized questionnaires to which you have answered, including the date and time when you answered the questionnaire, Physical and physiological data from the recordings of your cardiac and respiratory function.
Only the nursing and authorized staff of the hospital with which you registered when registering will have access to your personal data.
The physical and physiological data concerning your cardiac and pulmonary function will be processed anonymously; this means that they will be stripped of any element allowing them to be linked to your profile. They will then be made available to HeartKinetics staff as well as to scientific teams who participate in validation studies and who also participate in improving our solutions. They can also be used for statistical studies aimed at highlighting the benefits of the solution. Under no circumstances are your personal and medical data transmitted to third parties.
Your data may be processed by subcontractors who provide services on our behalf and on our instructions, such as, for example, database managers. We guarantee that these providers only have access to your data to the extent that this is necessary to perform their tasks. We also guarantee that they are bound by an obligation of confidentiality and that they cannot process the
